---
title: Creating a Blog with BlazorStatic
lead: 
published: 2023-11-04
tags: [C#, Blazor, BlazorStatic]
---

I already have [a blog that I love built using Next.js](https://www.hoteltoffee.net/). I'd already started a 
major project using Next.js and I made the blog to get some simple practice in the framework and to continue
an earlier WordPress blog I'd been using. I did plan to use this blog to talk about coding and software development,
but I also planned to use it to talk about my other interests and hobbies and mainly my personal self improvement.

After using it for a while, I decided that I wanted to have a separate blog for my software development content that
could work as a professional blog as well. Since my other blog was built using Next.js, I was interested in trying a 
different framework this time. I'd always had an interest in Blazor, in fact I nearly built my big social media project
using it. I ended up settling on Next.js as I felt it was more suitable to the concept, but Blazor was something I still
was very interested in. Even though the initial release was in 2018, 8 years ago, it still feels quite new. As well
as that, I am primarily a C# developer, so it made sense.

So how did I go about creating this blog? Easy. I used *[BlazorStatic](https://github.com/BlazorStatic/BlazorStatic)*.
The guy who originally made it is [Bipin Paul](https://bipinpaul.com/), who I will say has made a very nice looking blog.
I wanted to start with something very simple, I might add some more flourishes to this blog in the future.

A lot of the needed instructions on creating a blog the same way can be found on the GitHub repo, but for what I did, I
created a folder for the blog, loaded up PowerShell in that folder, installed the BlazorStatic template and then created a
new BlazorStatic project. This project has essentially all that's need to get started. A few pages and the code for
implementing the blog posts using Markdown, again something I was preferring to do since I did the same thing with my Next.js
blog.

All that was needed was to update some of the styling and links to my likeing, such as pointing to my own LinkedIn, X and GitHub
accounts. Much of the styling uses Tailwind CSS, again something I'm familiar with from my other main projects. I added a few
more pages, primarily for listing my projects and books I've read and linking them up.

I'll keep the code for this blog available on a GitHub repo so feel free to peruse as you wish.

I'm excited to write up my projects and share them with you.